documentation/week_4/milestone.md, before:

## User Feedback and Actions Taken

### First Iteration (last week's feedback)

It would be useful to have the ability to provide feedback to the students:
- Added a feedback function for teachers. They can view student solutions and utilise a feedback box. Students can now see when feedback is available and view it.

It's a bit difficult to figure out how to use the blocks and the program initially:
- Added a tutorial to the first level, showing students how to drag and connect blocks and run EduBot.

### Second Iteration (mid week feedback)

The level intro screen is still quite dense:
- Separated into different screens. New concept screen introduces the ideas, the blocks and how to use them.
- Level intro screen shows just the blocks for that level and multiple objectives (at least one describing the learning objective and one describing the goal in the level).

EduBot seems a little too mechanical:
- Tried a different design and got Lucy to show it to some of her students.
- They felt it looked a little too much like a bird, and commented that they thought it was odd that EduBot teleported when moving from square to square.
- We added interpolated movement and rotation complete with small amounts of acceleration to make EduBot seem more solid and real.

### Third Iteration (end of week feedback)

Students still felt that it can be hard to initially see the connection between some of the blocks, like loops and ifs, and their effect on EduBot.
- We added example programs and videos of their operation to the concept introduction pages to show how blocks might be used.

### Ease of interaction improvements

- Student solutions and partial solutions are now saved when they leave the page, preventing them from losing work.
- Teachers can view student solutions or sample solutions equally easily.
- Replaced slightly annoying browser alerts with more sleek dialog boxes.
- Numerous text boxes now respond to the enter keypress and not just a button press.
- Improved flagposting of interactive elements of the screen: levels now have a play button and highlight when hovered over, concepts have a learn more button, the student boxes that teachers can click on now highlight.

## Objective Evaluation

Three times this week, we asked Jordan's mum to ask five students in her class to play levels 1-3 for the first time. We measured the number of times people asked for help per student. We measured it at the start of the week before we had added any new features.

After the firt iteration, we added a tutorial, which reduced this metric. Then, after the second iteration, we added highlighting of blocks and temporary solutions, allowing users to have their partial solution restored after looking at the level introduction.

Experiment 1: 1
Experiment 2: 0.4
Experiment 3: 0.2

## Cover Story Mock-up

### More Key Stage 3 students are meeting the requirements for the new Computing curriculum due to a new educational tool for learning programming, EduBot

A group of four students at Imperial College London have developed an educational programming tool that focuses on teaching the core concepts in England's new Computing curriculum. Instead of bogging students down in the unintuitive syntax of many programming languages, EduBot introduces concepts through a simple block-based interface that many students find to be more engaging. Teachers are very pleased with this new tool as it allows them to track the progress of students and give feedback on their solutions, a feature lacking in many other educational tools.

<https://media.wired.com/photos/5932354326780e6c04d2a4e4/master/w_1920,c_limit/Students-at-Northwoods-Middle-School-in-North-Charleston-South-Carolina.jpg>

Commit message:

[jg1216] Added more information about user feedback effects.

documentation/week_4/milestone.md, after:

## User Feedback and Actions Taken

### First Iteration (last week's feedback)

It would be useful to have the ability to provide feedback to the students:
- Added a feedback function for teachers. They can view student solutions and utilise a feedback box. Students can now see when feedback is available and view it.

It's a bit difficult to figure out how to use the blocks and the program initially:
- Added a tutorial to the first level, showing students how to drag and connect blocks and run EduBot.

### Second Iteration (mid week feedback)

The level intro screen is still quite dense:
- Separated into different screens. New concept screen introduces the ideas, the blocks and how to use them.
- Level intro screen shows just the blocks for that level and multiple objectives (at least one describing the learning objective and one describing the goal in the level).

EduBot seems a little too mechanical:
- Tried a different design and got Lucy to show it to some of her students.
- They felt it looked a little too much like a bird, and commented that they thought it was odd that EduBot teleported when moving from square to square.
- We added interpolated movement and rotation complete with small amounts of acceleration to make EduBot seem more solid and real.

### Third Iteration (end of week feedback)

Students still felt that it can be hard to initially see the connection between some of the blocks, like loops and ifs, and their effect on EduBot.
- We added example programs and videos of their operation to the concept introduction pages to show how blocks might be used.
- We added highlighting to the blocks as they're executed, making the effect of loops and ifs slightly clearer.

### Ease of interaction improvements

- Student solutions and partial solutions are now saved when they leave the page, preventing them from losing work.
- Teachers can view student solutions or sample solutions equally easily.
- Replaced slightly annoying browser alerts with more sleek dialog boxes.
- Numerous text boxes now respond to the enter keypress and not just a button press.
- Improved flagposting of interactive elements of the screen: levels now have a play button and highlight when hovered over, concepts have a learn more button, the student boxes that teachers can click on now highlight.

## Objective Evaluation

Three times this week, we asked Jordan's mum to ask five students in her class to play levels 1-3 for the first time. We measured the number of times people asked for help per student. We measured it at the start of the week before we had added any new features.

After the firt iteration, we added a tutorial, which reduced this metric. Then, after the second iteration, we added highlighting of blocks and temporary solutions, allowing users to have their partial solution restored after looking at the level introduction.

Experiment 1: 1
Experiment 2: 0.4
Experiment 3: 0.2

## Cover Story Mock-up

### More Key Stage 3 students are meeting the requirements for the new Computing curriculum due to a new educational tool for learning programming, EduBot

A group of four students at Imperial College London have developed an educational programming tool that focuses on teaching the core concepts in England's new Computing curriculum. Instead of bogging students down in the unintuitive syntax of many programming languages, EduBot introduces concepts through a simple block-based interface that many students find to be more engaging. Teachers are very pleased with this new tool as it allows them to track the progress of students and give feedback on their solutions, a feature lacking in many other educational tools.

<https://media.wired.com/photos/5932354326780e6c04d2a4e4/master/w_1920,c_limit/Students-at-Northwoods-Middle-School-in-North-Charleston-South-Carolina.jpg>
